[ADD] Events: Create Workflow page (#16688)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/events_workflow.rst

    If the event registration products are free (i.e., no sales price is specified on their
    event forms), the button on the :guilabel:`Attendees` window is labeled
    :guilabel:`Confirm Registration`. The attendees then land directly on the confirmation page.
    They do **not** need to enter any payment information.

On the checkout page, the attendee enters their billing address, then clicks :guilabel:`Confirm`
in the :guilabel:`Order summary`.

On the :guilabel:`Confirm order` page, they enter their payment method then click
:guilabel:`Pay now` in the :guilabel:`Order summary` to complete their order.

The attendee finally lands on a confirmation page with details about their registration as well as
the option to download their tickets.

For more details about selling event tickets, see the :doc:`sell_tickets` documentation.

Grant access to registered attendees
====================================

During an event, users can :doc:`grant access to event attendees <registration_desk>` using the
*Registration Desk*. Attendance for event attendees can be logged manually or by using a barcode
scanner.

To manually grant access to an attendee during an event, navigate to

> :menuselection:`Events app --> Registration Desk` and select the :guilabel:`Select Attendee` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually grant access to an attendee during an event, navigate to
:menuselection:`Events app --> Registration Desk` and click the :guilabel:`Select Attendee` button.
```
